hi I'm Andre I'm a blackberry with a
review for you my reviews I just came
back from Philadelphia I hosted a Regal
Cinemas
27 hour Ultimate Marvel movie marathon
we saw all the Marvel Cinematic Universe
movies from the first Ironman all the
way to Avengers age of Ultron and now
I'm gonna review Avengers age of Ultron
which I think I saw I just hope it
wasn't just a weird dream that I had
after being awake for 27 hours Scarlet
Witch is you get in my head I'm gonna
say the good I'm gonna take the bad I'm
gonna take the nerdy no spoilers review
I'll probably do a spoiler review for
this movie later on but right now you're
safe here plot of Avengers age of Ultron
you say plot like it's one plot more
like plots of age of Ultron am i right
people am i right best maps is ever it
might be a little delirious right now
just as strong as ever the action in
this is amazing it starts off with a
very strong action scene that whole
scene you see the avengers jumping
together in slow motion everyone cheered
in the theater it was so great visually
impressive the way they have different
characters working together I just loved
it but what I loved a lot more sometimes
about the Avengers movies isn't so much
the fighting sequences it's just the
characters himself because we spent so
much time with these characters through
all their respective movies we just know
so much about them and the actors that
play them are so great so this one I
just watch them talk there's this whole
scene where they have like a party and
they're just talking to each other and
some of the conversations that they have
from comparing girlfriends trying to
pick up Thor's hammer all these
different types of things that's
hilarious
it's great it's almost like hearing the
actual characters have the same debates
that comic book fans would debate about
these characters there's a lot of humor
in this movie there was times where I
felt like the audience was doing more
laughter and scenes and cheering it
scenes it just had some really good
jokes Whedon is just good with putting
in some good quirky fun humor even in a
dire situation or an action-packed film
like this and again it goes back to the
great characters in the great cast and
having this dynamic with them especially
hot guy like Hawkeye kind of got this
work in the stick in the last movie
because he was mind controlled by Loki
but this is one he definitely shines it
is even a couple references he makes
about himself about his character about
what happened to him in the first movie
it's really good just nails it but of
course
a lot new characters in this Scarlet
Witch and Quicksilver and Ultron and
they're all good additions and of course
we have I guess it's not a spoiler you
saw him in one of the trailers but
vision is in this movie amazing great
character they all do a good job even
though they're brand new to the group
they hold their own they're very
interesting still like the x-men days of
future past Quicksilver but this quick
supper was really good and elizabeth
Olsen Scarlet Witch I mean that girl
this Olsen I'm so glad she's free from
the cage of America - it was to put her
in be able to go back now and have some
good times and Ultron with that James
spate of ways he doesn't really good job
you know he's no Loki though I mean
let's just be real but Ultron does his
best and he's a good character
everyone's good all the action that
happens is good all the Plus having this
girl is Emma so the characters are good
even some relationship things that
happen in this movie are good everything
is good so what could be bad the bad is
it is all in one movie there are so many
freakin plots in this movie and there's
so many freaking scenes in it that is
just there to set up future movies if
you've been watching or listening or
reading interviews from just reading you
know he keeps making these references
like man it's so hard doing a movie in a
cinematic universe because you got to
think of so many things you got to take
home earlier movies and ages of
shielding oh it's so hard and now watch
this movie I see exactly what he's
talking about you have to try to cram so
much story for so many other movies into
one film cuz the whores got a third
movie coming out and we gotta set up
infinity war and we gotta set up Civil
War and we gotta set up the Black
Panthers gonna have a movie it kinda
reminded me a lot of amazing spider-man
2 but here's the difference an amazing
spider-man 2 a lot of things were just
very blatant and you're just like okay
we see you're doing this because you
want to make a new movie or set up a
future movie whatever in the Middle Ages
Ultron it's frustrating because
everything that they were putting in
there I liked and so I want to see more
of it but the moment I got really
invested into one plot it moved on
something different okay this is kind of
interesting alternatives being created
No let's move on okay this is kind of
interesting - were fighting what's
happening with me and move on okay it's
interesting we got these twins here got
a move on you can tell this movie got
chopped there's just so many part
features like yeah there's totally some
missing scenes here a lot of things
must've got cut and that's what is the
biggest problem with this movie it moves
so fast like when Tony Stark of Bruce
Banner decided to create Ultron it's
like that it's like
okay sure let's do it when Ultron is
created there's no time of him being
like imma be good and I slowly think
that humans are bad or slow leading the
Avengers better instantly that is
created it's like I'm evil
I hate the bitches I'm gonna kill them
but win show up they're created in a lab
and everyone's just like cool
vision vision is basically a humanoid
slash robot being that it's created they
made a person and they're just like hey
what's up let's move on typical Tuesday
for the Avengers I'm guessing there's
probably some three and a half hour
director's cut you know what I want to
see it I want to see it because I feel
like there are so many cool things in
this but it just didn't get enough time
to deal with a lot of it because you
gotta have that big action finale scene
which I gotta say the finale in this
movie very reminiscent to the first one
I mean just literally replace the
Chitauri with robots you know it's crazy
when you're in a superhero movie and you
want to see more of the characters
talking than fighting enough of the
nerdy the whole film geez there is no
after credit scene it just says the
Avengers will return I'm gonna spoil
that for you but there is a mid credit
scene so make sure you stick around for
that it's a short one but it's a doozy
- overall Avengers age of Ultron is a
fun movie I know life is gonna be
fighting like which one's better the
first one or the second one in I can't
really compare them like that because
the first one was really about bringing
them together this was the reunion
working together again and seeing them
on-screen together again and it's cool
but I almost feel like we could just do
more like shorter Avenger movies and
just keep doing those so they're making
all these random sequels and just give
individual movies to the new characters
that pop up once you got them all
together that's what you want to see I'm
glad they're putting Tony Stark in Civil
War we need to see them war together
even in these other movies it's a great
movie I had a lot of fun with it
but it shows what the problem can be
sometimes when you're dealing with a
movie in a cinematic universe and since
every studio is trying to make a
cinematic universe movie nowadays it's
something to be cautious about it's
something to be careful about DC I'm
looking at you you're getting started
and you can learn from the mistakes of
others to make yours even better you're
not you're not you can do the same thing
but all complaints aside this is still a
fun movie it's still enjoyable movie
it's great to see the Avengers on screen
together again I'm hoping to see more of
them please continue to let them cross
over in each other's movies I love it
it's
lot of fun and can you just get Natalie
Portman in one of them don't work keeps
coming down the earth because he loves
his woman and yet she never shows up to
anything come on Natalie you got to eat
the out of you you're not in the
prequels of Star Wars anymore you're
free don't hang out with your boyfriend
no won't just see you here to see what
Tony Stark or a Maria hill just once
that's it honey just walked out Natalie
just one time what did you think of
Avengers age of Ultron let me know in
the comments I love you like a play
cousin I'm Audi 5000